release: 16.0.0 (#130)
MetaMask/accounts: packages/keyring-eth-hd/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [9.0.1]

### Changed

- Use `ts-bridge/cli@0.6.1` ([#118](https://github.com/MetaMask/accounts/pull/118))

>   - This new version fixes a bug with CJS reexports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This new version fixes a bug with CJS re-exports.
```
